unp: add page (#11434)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/unp.md

# unp

> Extract any archive.

> > Relevant extractors are needed, e.g. `unrar` for RAR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Relevant extractors need to be installed, e.g. `unrar` for RAR.
```
